welcome to a short video summary of the
Sony BDP s 5500 3d blu-ray disc player
you can read the full in-depth review
via a link in the description the BD p s
5500 is the second-highest blu-ray
player in Sony's budget line up of disk
spinners and offers HD upscaling 3d
playback and built-in Wi-Fi plus it
retails for 99 pounds the physical size
of the player is a little bit more than
a DVD or blu-ray disc at nine point one
inches wide and 1.5 inches tall the disc
tree is hidden under a plastic flap with
an eject button power button and USB
slot to the right hand side of the front
panel around the backward again met with
the bare minimum requirements for the s
5500 to do its thing from left to right
we have a 12 volt power input a LAN port
one HDMI output and a coaxial digital
audio output and that's it the supplied
remote control is again made to fit
within the price point and is an all
plastic affair however the lack of
weight doesn't affect the unit setting
neatly in the hand with all the
important button selections within
thumbs reach with Wi-Fi built-in the S
5500 becomes a very nice media box with
the latest and greatest streaming
services from amazon prime and netflix
along with catch-up services including
BBC iPlayer on top of this we also have
to remember that the Sony's of Valley
accomplished blu-ray player with
excellent picture quality and upscaling
of DVD discs to HD resolutions it also
allows networking with Nas drives to
access your movie files it may have a
budget price and build quality but the
ass 5500 offers excellent blu-ray
playback and the benefits of a top
quality media streamer all in one and
for under a hundred pounds and as such
it comes recommended you can read the
full in-depth review AV forums comm
forward slash reviews you can also watch
more videos at AV forums com4 slash
videos
and why not follow us on Twitter and
like us on Facebook thanks for watching